Add docs for MAINTAIN privilege on tables, views (#23197)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v26.2/sql/privileges.md

`EXTERNALCONNECTION` | System | Grants the ability to connect to external systems such as object stores, key management systems, Kafka feeds, or external file systems. Often used in conjunction with the `BACKUP`, `RESTORE`, and `CHANGEFEED` privilege.
`EXTERNALIOIMPLICITACCESS` | System | Grants the ability to interact with external resources that require implicit access.
`INSERT` | Table, Sequence | Grants the ability to insert objects at the table or sequence level.

> <a id="maintain"></a><span class="version-tag">New in v26.2:</span> `MAINTAIN` | Table, View | Grants the ability to perform maintenance operations on table-like objects without requiring ownership. Users with `MAINTAIN` on a materialized view can run [`REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/refresh.md %}), and users with `MAINTAIN` on a table can run [`CREATE STATISTICS`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-statistics.md %}) and its alias `ANALYZE`.

Reviewer: nit: Are we trying to keep this alphabetical? If so, MAINTAIN should go after INSPECT.

Author: moving to alphabetical position, thanks for pointing this out

`EXTERNALIOIMPLICITACCESS` | System | Grants the ability to interact with external resources that require implicit access.
`INSERT` | Table, Sequence | Grants the ability to insert objects at the table or sequence level.
<a id="inspect"></a> `INSPECT` | System | Grants the ability to run the [`INSPECT`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/inspect.md %}) statement and view results with [`SHOW INSPECT ERRORS`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/show-inspect-errors.md %}).

> <a id="maintain"></a><span class="version-tag">New in v26.2:</span> `MAINTAIN` | Table, View | Grants the ability to perform maintenance operations on table-like objects without requiring ownership. Users with `MAINTAIN` on a materialized view can run [`REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/refresh.md %}), and users with `MAINTAIN` on a table can run [`CREATE STATISTICS`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-statistics.md %}) and its alias `ANALYZE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% include_cached new-in.html version="v26.2" %} `MAINTAIN` | Table, View | Grants the ability to perform maintenance operations on table-like objects without requiring ownership. Users with `MAINTAIN` on a materialized view can run [`REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/refresh.md %}), and users with `MAINTAIN` on a table can run [`CREATE STATISTICS`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-statistics.md %}) and its alias `ANALYZE`.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know the logic that cleans up these tags when we move to v26.3, but I feel more confident that the include_cached tag will be cleaned up vs. the one you made (though I could be wrong, I just tend to use the include one).

Author: updated to use the include, thanks!
